README.md, before:

# How to Setup
### Install Elasticsearch
This app uses Elasticsearch for database to save the email data. Refer this official site's install instruction [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.9/deb.html)
or follow this steps. (Tested on Ubuntu)
1. Enter this command to import the Elasticsearch PGP key
    ```
    wget -qO - https://artifacts.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elasticsearch | sudo apt-key add -
    ```
2. Enter these commands step by step to install Elasticsearch from APT repository 
    ```
    sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https
    echo "deb https://artifacts.elastic.co/packages/7.x/apt stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/elastic-7.x.list
    sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install elasticsearch
    ```

### Setup Elasticsearch Password
1. As root user, open `/etc/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.yml` and add this line to enable security
    ```
    xpack.security.enabled: true
    ```
2. Setup user passwords by running `/usr/share/elasticsearch/bin/elasticsearch-setup-passwords auto`
3. Save the password for the user `elastic`. This will be used when you connect to your Elasticsearch

### Start Elasticsearch
1. Enter these commands to start Elasticsearch automatically when the system boots up
    ```
    sudo /bin/systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo /bin/systemctl enable elasticsearch.service
    ```
2. Enter this command to start Elasticsearch
    ```
    sudo systemctl start elasticsearch.service
    ```

### Install Inbox
1. Clone this git repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/garageScript/inbox.git
    ```
2. Setup environment variables in `.env` file
    ```
    SECRET= <any value works>
    ADMIN_PW= <password that will be used to login to Inbox>
    ELASTIC= <password for elasticsearch that you saved in previous step>
    ```
3. Run the app
    ```
    node index.js
    ```

# Mail App Mockup
* You can see current version [HERE](https://mail.hoie.kim)

Commit message:

elastic search setup
1. adds explanation
2. reordered. current order throws error

README.md, after:

# How to Setup
If these instructions are outdated, please raise an issue or send us a Pull Request.

### Install Elasticsearch
This app uses Elasticsearch for database to save the email data. Refer this official site's install instruction [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.9/deb.html)
or follow this steps. (Tested on Ubuntu)
1. Enter this command to import the Elasticsearch PGP key
    ```
    wget -qO - https://artifacts.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elasticsearch | sudo apt-key add -
    ```
2. Enter these commands step by step to install Elasticsearch from APT repository 
    ```
    sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https
    echo "deb https://artifacts.elastic.co/packages/7.x/apt stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/elastic-7.x.list
    sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install elasticsearch
    ```
    
### Start Elasticsearch
1. Enter these commands to start Elasticsearch automatically when the system boots up
    ```
    sudo /bin/systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo /bin/systemctl enable elasticsearch.service
    ```
2. Enter this command to start Elasticsearch
    ```
    sudo systemctl start elasticsearch.service
    ```

### Setup Elasticsearch Password
By default, elasticsearch has no security. Since your email may contain sensitive data, you must enable security.

1. As root user, open `/etc/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.yml` and add this line to enable security
    ```
    xpack.security.enabled: true
    ```
2. Since your configuration changed, restart elastice search: `sudo systemctl restart elasticsearch.service`
3. Setup user passwords by running `sudo /usr/share/elasticsearch/bin/elasticsearch-setup-passwords auto`
4. Save the password for the user `elastic`. This will be used when you connect to your Elasticsearch

### Install Inbox
1. Clone this git repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/garageScript/inbox.git
    ```
2. Setup environment variables in `.env` file
    ```
    SECRET= <any value works>
    ADMIN_PW= <password that will be used to login to Inbox>
    ELASTIC= <password for elasticsearch that you saved in previous step>
    ```
3. Run the app
    ```
    node index.js
    ```

# Mail App Mockup
* You can see current version [HERE](https://mail.hoie.kim)
